victoria and lilly were found in
deplorable conditions for parents
have died reason lived alone in the
nature for at least five years hi
victorian the fact that she survived
is inexplicable I am the brother of your
dad do you remember uncle look in a
family environment magnet victoria
lilly have a real chance to resume
a normal life after all if not
hello I'm a label you can
call me like that where as you want
these little girls are far from
ready to live that and I'm far from
ready to live that
did you notice she's talking to the wall
and what do they say it's going
arrange I promise you
certainly
I would like you to tell me more about
my hand what's wrong I'll tell you
promise that will not happen to me
you can not do that
I believe that someone via their make them
visit
what is there ghost one is a
totally distorted emotion that is
condemned to repeat himself
matt and visually impaired
where is she now
is she here in the house
abba promise
who is even victoria